[THEME MUSIC]
>> All right, so now we'll get
into the Coneheads a little bit.
There we go.
So you go particularly
around Paracas in Peru,
it's a very desert area.
And there's a lot of
pyramids around there.
And this is where they excavate
many of these Coneheads
with the elongated heads.
And some of them are
pretty astonishing.
They have the elongated heads.
They also have that in Tiwanaku.
They're all over the
world, these Conehead
and elongated guys.
And it's pretty astonishing.
This is one of them.
This guy is extremely
elongated head.
He's from the pyramid
of Chongos, which
is in the interior of Paracas.
Here's an X-ray of one of
those elongated heads and stuff
like that.
So this is totally real.
I mean, there's no--
this is not something
that archaeologists
or ancient alien
people are making up.
This is completely,
completely real.
Now they say that there
are ways of making--
when you take infant babies
and the plates in your head
haven't fused yet,
you can compress them.
So it is possible to
deform infant's head
and that they'll
have this cone head.
And they know that
people did that.
This one is unusual,
too, this one,
because it doesn't
have the plates.
There's no way you can see
the plates fusing on the head.
And it's quite strange.
Here we see the top of the head.
So this is unusual.
I mean, this-- again,
doctors and stuff are saying,
well, yeah, we can't explain how
this guy was somehow deformed
and his head was
manipulated that.
So I mean, this may be
really an alien skull
and one who's naturally
has this elongated head
rather than it being
some kind of deformation.
Here we go.
Also, like a child mummy
that they found in Peru there
and him having the
elongated head.
So again, this is totally real
around Tiwanaku, these pyramids
in Peru, other places, too.
We'll see.
People had these
elongated heads.
There's no question about it.
This one's in Mexico.
They found this.
This is found in
Northern Mexico.
He's got an elongated head.
This is a Chinook Indian
from the Seattle area.
She has an elongated
head, but this may
have been artificially done.
I went to high school
in Missoula, Montana,
and just north of
Missoula is Flathead Lake.
It's the largest freshwater
lake west of the Mississippi.
And it's called
the Flathead Lake
because the Flathead
Indians live there.
And they're called
the Flathead Indians
because they had flatheads.
And they had also the
conical heads and stuff.
So it was happening right here
in the Western United States
even.
OK, here's a-- this is in
Lebanon and Israel, Philistine.
He's got an elongated head.
At Malta, they also knew these
guys had elongated heads.
This is a statue
of Meketaten, who
was one of the daughters
of Akhenaten and Nefertiti.
She's got an elongated head too.
So Akhenaten and Nefertiti,
a bunch of the Egyptians,
even Tutankhamun, they
had elongated heads.
This is one of the Ubaid
figurines from Northern Iraq.
This is also totally real.
He has the elongated head.
He's perhaps one of
the Anunnaki aliens.
He has what they call
the coffee bean eyes.
So he's a figure.
This is a clay figure.
But yeah, these
are one of-- these
are Sumerian gods coming down
from the sky, like the Anunnaki.
Here's more of them.
They have this strange coffee
bean, almost insect type eyes.
So yeah, we're perhaps looking
at statues of extraterrestrials
here.
Oh, this is a Sumerian
cylinder seal.
It's also got-- these guys are
up there in their winged disk.
So they've got their
flying saucer, literally.
And they're flying around.
That's what they did.
The Birdman, these
are Anunnaki here too.
The Anunnaki supposedly wore
these weird hats as well.
And here's the
winged figure here.
But this supposedly does
depict specifically Anunnaki.
But they have beards.
So they're very much like
humans, but different--
elongated heads, different
eyes, stuff like that.
It all gets pretty strange.
So we'll look at a
few UFO pictures here.
We always like UFOs.
This one's 1929, Ward, Colorado,
as flying saucers hovering
there.
New York city, March 20,
1950, huge, cigar-shaped craft
hovering over New
York City there.
This is what it looked like.
This photo was taken.
And these giant craft
would just hover
over New York City; sometimes
Washington, DC; sometimes
Los Angeles, major cities.
They wanted to be seen.
They wanted to be photographed.
Here, this one's in Utah, 1960.
Kind of looks like the
George Adamski craft, almost
sort of like a
primitive flying saucer.
This perhaps is one coming from
Area 51 or something like that.
I don't know.
And these are some
unusual photos.
Here, they are from
1971, the USS Trepang,
which was a submarine,
an American submarine.
And it was up near Iceland
in the North Atlantic.
These photographs were
published in a French magazine
in about 19--
or actually around 2005 or so.
But the photos were from 1971.
So we'll see it.
So what we're seeing
here is the beginning
of a giant, cigar-shaped craft
coming up out of the water.
So these things are submarines.
And they're airships.
So it's coming up
out of the water.
It's like waters coming off it.
It's steaming.
So it's kind of-- has this
steam and cloud around it.
It starts to then level off
and come straight up out
of the water.
Then it starts leveling off.
It's a gigantic,
cigar-shaped craft.
The lines there are
from the magazine.
This one, too.
This is in that line
in the middle that's
like the staple of
the French magazine.
So here it is coming--
it's leveling out.
It's got windows
and stuff on it.
And apparently, the sailors
on this USS American submarine
are taking these photos as they
watch this craft do all this.
And it may be doing
it for the submarine.
We don't know.
There, it levels out.
And it's a huge, giant airship.
And it's come out of the water.
And then it basically-- it
takes off and flies away.
Here's one last photo of the
giant, cigar-shaped object.
Then after that,
another object came out
of the water that was more like
a flying saucer type of craft,
a smaller one so that there
was more than just one craft
coming out.
And then it also flew away.
And so we have the big,
cigar-shaped mothership
and then this other
smaller flying
saucer type craft coming out.
Now this is also something that
most Americans never really
have seen before.
In 1978, Kaikoura,
New Zealand, there
was a cargo flight that
was almost every night,
it would fly from Auckland down
to Christchurch in the Southern
Island, and then it
would fly back at night.
And it had a crew on it.
It was a cargo plane.
And they were
doing this nightly.
And they found that
during December of 1978,
that they were being followed
constantly by a flying saucer.
And this flying saucer was
following them almost nightly.
And so they decided to put a
film crew on it to film it.
And this is what it filmed.
It filmed the craft.
This is all part of the
16-millimeter film or something.
But what happened in this last
frame or second last frame
over here is something
kind of amazing.
It's this one here.
The film is at 32
frames per second.
And in one of the
frames, the craft
made this figure eight move.
In a fraction of a
second, it did this,
and it came out on the film.
I mean, people were astonished.
And there was a book
that was published
in New Zealand about it.
And it had a color
photo section.
And this is what it's from.
So that was astonishing.
And it wanted to
be photographed.
It was doing this for them.
Hey, look at me, look
at what I can do.
Here we go, down
in South America.
South America is a hotbed of
UFO activity, let me tell you.
Everyone down in South
America believes in UFOs.
It's not a-- it's not even
something to question.
Because there's so many UFOs
that are on TV all the time.
So here's a classic flying
saucer during the day,
flying around.
Here we go.
Now this was one near
Wright-Patterson Air Force base
in Dayton, Ohio, 2016.
And here people
looked up in the sky.
And they saw this thing just
hovering, flying in the--
floating in the sky, just
there, this arrowhead object.
I mean, it's not even
a-- it's not a flying
saucer or circular object.
It's just something
weird hovering over that.
And this is an Air Force-- this
is an area around an Air Force
base.
So here it is again.
What was this thing?
And it's clearly got some
antigravity levitation.
It's doing it.
I mean, we don't know
what's going on here.
There's an alien
craft or something
coming from the Air Force base.
So we have the Baltic
Sea anomaly in 2011.
And that was a thing
that was on the bottom
of the Baltic Sea, which is up
Sweden and Finland, that area.
And they sent submarines
and stuff out there
to see what it was.
And it actually--
here's the object.
Actually, it looks like the
Millennium Falcon from "Star
Wars."
So yeah.
They were like, well,
they didn't know what
this thing was sitting there.
And it may have actually
eventually just left
and went somewhere else.
We don't know.
So Dr. Kirkpatrick,
this is the head of--
he's just retiring.
He was the head of the
official Pentagon, the UFO Task
Force, UAP Task Force.
And he's testifying to Congress
about UFOs and whatnot.
And so they're saying now,
finally, after all these years,
oh, yeah, there's UFOs
out there, we know.
And he released the--
only, they don't really
give you much information.
There's that Tic Tac
video and stuff like that.
And he released this photo,
which was also in Iraq.
It was taken by a drone.
But down here is this
object, round object
that was zipping by
the camera and stuff.
And yeah, he actually
showed this photo
to all these senators and stuff
like that and saying, yeah,
this is a UFO.
We don't know what it is.
Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter,
he was the first director
of the CIA.
He was also the top guy on
MJ12, if you've heard of that.
And he told "The New York Times"
on February 27, 1960-- he said,
"through official
secrecy and ridicule,
many citizens are led to believe
the unknown flying objects are
nonsense."
I mean, this guy was--
he was the top admiral.
And really before the CIA and
MJ12, it was Naval intelligence.
That was where all the spooks
and Navy guys and whatnot.
And he was the main
guy, Hillenkoetter.
So there he is telling
"The New York Times," yeah,
UFOs are real.
But officially, the Air
Force and all these guys
are saying, no, no
swamp gas, there's
nothing to see
here kind of thing.
All right, so now let's look
at Nikola Tesla, greatest
inventor who ever lived.
I got my Tesla T-shirt on.
And--
[APPLAUSE]
And I'm hoping you guys
all know who Tesla is.
It's so important.
He's a suppressed
person, I believe.
His inventions and
things like that--
he was an immigrant
from Serbia and Croatia.
He would envision just
inventions in the sky
and in his mind.
He was an amazing,
amazing person.
He first went to London.
And then he came to
the United States.
He worked briefly for
Edison and whatnot.
But then he invented what
we call AC power today,
three-phase current.
His inventions are what's
lighting this whole hotel
and the whole world today.
AC power, and he was
the inventor of it.
I mean, this guy is the
greatest genius who ever lived.
So here he is.
Here's Mark Twain in Tesla's
laboratory, late 1800s.
Here's Tesla himself doing
a wireless transmission
demo in 1899.
So after Tesla had invented
AC power and whatnot,
he then began this thing
about this wireless power.
And he was going to
make these towers.
His laboratory almost got
completely destroyed in a fire.
We don't know if that
was purposely set or not.
People trying to stop him.
One of his students
was Guglielmo Marconi.
Marconi was a genius, too.
He's credited as
inventor of the radio.
He, like Tesla, did all
kinds of amazing things.
He lived on a yacht
called The Electra.
And he actually lit lights
in Australia and stuff
from his boat in
the Mediterranean.
He died just before
World War II,
supposedly, although there are
stories that he and his group
went down to South
America to a secret city.
Albert Einstein--
so Einstein had what
we called the unified field.
A unified field is gravity,
magnetism, and electricity
and what they call
the nuclear force.
So what Einstein said was
that, all of these things
manifest from the unified field.
And so just with
the unified field,
you can have an equation
for electromagnetism,
but you can also have an
equation for electro gravity
and an equation for
magneto gravity.
So once you understand
and grasp and are
able to utilize
the unified field,
then you can manipulate gravity.
And there you have
antigravity, gravity, control,
all that kind of stuff.
So with gravity waves, storage
fields, mercury, mercury gyros--
gyros are antigravity.
You have swirling toroid
artificial tornadoes,
shall we say.
When you use mercury--
mercury is a metal.
It's an element.
It's a liquid.
It's a conductor.
And the ancient Vimana
texts talk about mercury
as being part of the craft and
the propulsion of the craft.
And in fact, the main town
at Area 51, just northwest
of Las Vegas is a town.
It's called Mercury--
Mercury, Nevada.
And there's a sign on the
interstate, whatever says
Mercury, you can't go there.
You need a military security
clearance and stuff.
But that's what they named their
town in Area 51 was Mercury.
So Tesla was known
also for death rays.
Back in the '30s, everyone
talked about death rays,
ray guns.
Flash Gordon and Buck Rogers
were zooming across the screen.
And they're buzzing electric
spaceships, antigravity,
all that kind of stuff.
The whole idea of these
scalar waves or beams
come together in a death ray
and where the beams converge,
this becomes a energy bottle.
And it destroys everything.
So these are the
death rays of Tesla.
And now this is all 1930 stuff.
It's all before World War II.
So yeah, his death ray
is a mercury plasma jet.
Mercury is coming out of this.
And in fact, it's exactly the
same thing that you see on "Star
Wars," where they're shooting--
the Star Troopers and stuff,
they're firing these
light beam things.
And what they are,
are these-- they're
like mercury bullets
that are super heated.
And you need to have a
reservoir of mercury.
But each time you
fire this thing,
it shoots this super,
duper, hot, thousands
of degrees mercury
pellet that's liquid.
And it'll just go straight
through you or straight
through metal and
stuff like that.
Because it's so super hot.
And it's really analogous to
what you see on "Star Wars."
So this was one of
Tesla's inventions.
Tesla died during World War II.
He died in 1943.
But prior to that, he started
developing these towers,
the wireless
transmission towers.
Here you see it here.
And he did experiments
at Colorado Springs
because of the dry air
there and the high altitude.
And then he went
back to New York.
And he began building
this tower on Long Island.
Here's his patent for the tower.
Now what the towers
were going to do then
was broadcast
electricity into the air.
And then you would
pick things up
like you wouldn't need
to plug a lamp in.
You could just put a lamp
on a table and turn it on.
And it didn't need a outlet
or anything like this.
This is back-- and this is
1930 that he's doing that.
And here's his
towers, the airships.
Tesla had these antigravity
airships and stuff
like that that he had created.
Here's his tower in action.
Back then, there
were these magazines,
electrical experimenter,
and stuff like that.
And they would just draw
these conceptual artists.
But yeah, it's a tower there.
It's just broadcasting
power like a radio station,
like a television station.
And these airships are there.
They're picking up--
they're antigravity.
They're picking up the power.
They have powerful searchlights
on them that are coming down,
very similar to
many UFO stories.
Here it is, the tower again.
They're having battles
and stuff with planes.
These airships are up there.
They're very similar to
the cigar-shaped airships
we're talking about.
They're antigravity.
They're electric.
I mean, that's the thing.
These things are electric.
Virtually, all UFOs,
they're electric craft.
They're not rockets.
They're not jets.
They're electric.
You turn them on, and
an electrical field
comes around them.
And then you start
flying around.
Now how about this?
There was a group that
started in Milwaukee.
And then they moved
to California.
They still kind of exist
today down near San Diego.
They were called the
Lemurian Fellowship.
And they maintained
that in ancient Atlantis
were these giant crystal towers
that they called the Maxt Tower.
And these towers were
broadcasting electricity
like Tesla's towers.
And they broadcast electricity
throughout the world.
These Atlantean airships,
they called them Valexes.
It'd be like a Vimana.
And they would pick
up power and all that.
There's a book called "A
Dweller on Two Planets"
that was about Mount
Shasta and stuff.
It also had all
this stuff in it.
So there are crystal
towers like that.
And they're called obelisks.
An obelisk is a monolith.
They're granite.
Granite is infused
with quartz crystals.
So these are basically-- a
granite obelisk is essentially
a giant quartz crystal tower.
And it has to be-- it's solid.
It's not in pieces
and stuff like that.
So there are-- the main place we
see obelisks today are in Egypt.
And here, again, this is an old
photo of the unfinished obelisk
that we saw earlier.
You can see how just
gigantically huge it was.
It was buried.
They decided they
couldn't use it.
Here it is again.
So because it had that
crack underneath it,
they abandoned it, because it
wasn't going to be perfect.
But just bashing this
out or cutting it--
here's Christopher Dunnigan
inside the grooves.
I mean, these are
power tools and hammers
that are making these
things and scraping it out.
You just can't do this
with a rock hammer
and stuff in your hand.
Here's the Washington
Monument being
hit by lightning and stuff.
The Washington Monument
is a faux obelisk.
It's not a real
obelisk because it's
built out of blocks of
stone and stuff like that.
You can walk up inside it.
Real obelisks are
solid granite stone.
But the obelisk-- the
Washington Monument
is the symbol of American power.
And it's an obelisk.
That's what they put out there.
Archaeologists and
Egyptologists do not
know what obelisks were for.
They maintain that obelisks
symbolized a ray of the sun.
That's what they're saying,
these 500-ton towers.
The largest obelisk
that was ever erected
was in Aksum in Ethiopia.
And these are some of them.
That obelisk fell down.
And it was the largest
obelisk ever erected.
It weighed about 1,000 tons.
The quarry there in Aksum,
it's about 10 miles away
to the west of the Aksum site.
This obelisk came
crashing down and broke
into a number of pieces.
Even pieces of this obelisk
are gigantically huge.
It's really something.
And it fell down onto this
other giant thing, structure
and broke it.
It also weighed
hundreds of tons.
And the people there,
the priests in Aksum,
they maintain there was some
antigravity machine in there
that lifted the obelisks
up and erected them,
because they would
need that antigravity.
So here in Aksum, too, we
see the Keystone cuts, again.
Here's the Keystone
cut in Aksum.
This is showing that the
same people in South America
and in Vietnam and whatnot,
they're building these things.
Here's one of those.
We were looking at those
megalithic, monolithic doors,
a door carved into a
solid piece of granite.
There's a church there
at Aksum that they
say the Ark of the Covenant
is in this church--
in this church right here.
And it's called the
Church of Saint Mary.
You can't go into it.
Only there's one priest who's
allowed in there at a time.
He's the guardian of it.
He's the only one
who can go in there.
And then before he dies,
he picks a successor priest
to take his place.
Even the president or king of
Ethiopia cannot go into this
building.
And Ethiopians, they believe
that the Ark of the Covenant
is in that church.
That's what they believe.
So there are other
obelisks, too, in England.
These are called
the Devil's Arrows.
They're in Yorkshire.
They're out there by a highway.
There's about three
or four of them.
They're kind of broken.
There's another obelisk in
England near Scarborough
on the-- also East Coast.
It's called the
Rudston Monolith.
In fact, they built a church
there because of this obelisk
was there.
So yeah, let's go to the
moon and all this weird stuff
on the moon.
And this is a photo
that was taken
early on by one
of the early NASA
things going around the moon.
And then an engineer who worked
for Boeing in Seattle, his name
was Blair, he then could
see these obelisks.
And it's hard to see on this.
It's the shadows
that they're showing.
All right, here's the Russians.
They call them
the Blair cuspids.
Here, the next slide will
show you what it looks like.
So these are these obelisks
that are on the moon.
They're called
the Blair cuspids.
And I wrote my
book about obelisks
and the powers of tower.
This photo is used for that.
So it's the shadows
that they're looking at.
There's other things on the
moon, pyramids, and things.
There's bottomless
craters on the moon.
Some of them think that
the moon is hollow.
The moon rang like a bell during
the Apollo mission, supposedly.
Here's one of the
bottomless craters.
So there are a number of craters
on the moon that they just
can't find the bottom of.
There's other things
moving around the moon.
Now the Russian--
at the same time
NASA was sending probes
and stuff to the moon,
the Russians were sending what
they called the Zond probes.
And most Americans aren't
familiar with these photos,
but the Zond 3 photo from 1965
shows what is a 20-mile-high
tower on the moon,
20 miles high.
Here it is.
This is another photo.
So yeah, there are, apparently,
giant towers on the moon.
NASA's not telling
us about that.
Here's another Zond 3
photo of what apparently
is a dome on the moon.
There are structures
on the moon, I believe.
There are things that look
like ziggurats and things
like that on the moon.
Other kind of other
things on the moon--
I mean, NASA's
essentially just keeping--
they don't want
to talk about it.
By the way, NASA isn't
the only space program.
Here's another what seems
to be a craft on the moon.
Yeah, until the Space
Force was solidified,
the Navy had their
own space program.
The Army had their
The Air Force had their
own space program.
And then there was NASA.
So everything NASA
does is public domain.
Every photo that NASA takes
belongs to the American people.
It's all public domain.
And it's all to be above board.
And everything now, as it
does, we're supposed to--
they're supposed to tell us.
But that's not the case with the
Navy space program or the Army
space program.
Everything they
do is top secret.
And they launch
rockets and stuff too.
But you never hear about that.
I was up in Alaska last year
doing the Alaska Triangle show
for "Ancient Aliens."
And I was talking to the guys.
And they started
telling me about how
the Army launches rockets from
Kodiak Island up in Alaska.
And you never hear about that.
I didn't know about that.
And I was like, really?
He's like, oh, yeah, they
launch rockets constantly
from Kodiak Island into space.
We don't know what
they're doing.
I mean, the Navy and these guys,
they can have their own space
platforms and space stations
and stations on the moon,
but they don't have to tell us.
They're not NASA.
They're the military, and
things they do are top secret.
Here's this craft
also on the moon.
I mean, there might be--
as far as I'm
concerned, we may have--
NASA doesn't.
But the Army, the
American military
probably has all kinds
of bases on the moon.
We don't know.
There's no reason
why they don't.
So here we go.
Pyramids and stuff on the moon.
Here's what seems to be like
some kind of big Tesla device
or something on the moon.
Here's a close-up of it.
I mean, it's hard to see
what these things are.
We'll go briefly here to Mars.
And what we have
on Mars, Mars has
two moons, Phobos and Deimos.
Here's the Phobos.
It has all these striations.
They're small.
the moons are not like our moon.
And on the moon of Phobos
is also this giant tower.
And you see the shadow from it.
It's this huge tower.
They call it the
monolith of Phobos.
Here's another photo of it.
So yeah, it's casting
this big, big shadow here.
And it's totally real.
NASA admits this.
They don't know what it is.
These are some ideas of
what this thing looked
like, this huge tower
going up, kind of different
than the tower
that's on the moon.
And then the Deimos is
the other moon of Mars.
Even Carl Sagan sort of
admitted that he thought
they were probably artificial.
Then the Russians sent a probe.
They called it the
Phobos 2 probe.
It went to Mars.
And it took this photo
of this big craft
here, huge, gigantically huge
craft by the moon at Phobos.
And then after that, the Russian
probe was shot out of orbit.
It was actually just shot out.
So this is that photo, again,
comes from the Russians.
And here we go also.
Pyramids on Mars,
another pyramid,
and even a Sphinx and
stuff, structures maybe
on Mars that are there.
And finally, our solar system
where we have the asteroid belt.
Some people say
the asteroid belt
is the remains of
an exploded planet.
And that's it, everybody.
[APPLAUSE, CHEERING]
Thanks for sticking around.
[THEME MUSIC]